[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Not to
embarrass today's guest,
but every now and
then, we meet someone
who is so incredibly
clean and clear in the way
they show up in the world
that they stand out.
That's how I experience
Lee Harris, whom we've
had on "Open Minds" before.
I've invited him back due to
the clarity of information
that the group he channels,
the Z's, bring us.
Today, we'll talk with them
about each one of us connecting
to our own internal guidance,
which is heavily loaded
because it gets into our
history of what makes us up
that we would even need
to do this to begin with.
And welcome back.
It's so good to see you again.
>>LEE HARRIS: Thank you.
It's great to be back.
>>REGINA: And you
know what, Lee?
Before we get going with
the Z's in a little bit,
how does your life feel now?
How do you experience
it now compared
to before you
connected with them
and were using direct guidance?
>>HARRIS: Far less pain
and fear internally,
so there was a lot more
confusion and a lot more
emotional overwhelm.
I think the personal gift
for me with the channel
was learning about
my sensitivity.
So talking to them, asking
them personal questions,
and understanding their
worldview just helped me find
what I call the 'space inside',
so rather than the kind
of the mental [STATIC NOISE]
that you can have running
or the emotional impacts that
you can have with each other
when there's chaos or
drama in a relationship,
an ability to keep coming
back to the 'space inside'.
So that's kind of really
the biggest impact for me.
>>REGINA: Which is huge.
>>HARRIS: It is huge.
>>REGINA: The diminishing of
pain in the human experience.
>>HARRIS: It is.
And my experience, if I
try and think back to 22,
so 16 years ago, I felt much
more horizontally bombarded
in the world and much more
horizontally in response
to everything
going on outside me
horizontally in
relationships or in something
I was working on or in.
And now it's very
easy for me to notice
an imbalance in that area
and just come back inside.
And when I come back
inside, you also can go up.
So you kind of maintain
what I call your vertical.
So my experience is our vertical
is our divine connection,
and our horizontal is our
earthly relationships,
planet Earth connection.
Both meeting at a
balance point is perfect.
But often, most people are
trained to just be horizontal.
And vice versa, some people
have such a traumatic experience
in the horizontal, they
disappear into their vertical
and don't want to come back
from meditation or spirituality.
And yet my experience
of witnessing
people and the people
I've seen that I've
worked with in my own
life, the balance point
is really where
the good stuff is.
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
And I love this
particular subject
we'll be discussing
today, because it
is a lost aspect of what is
and should be our birthright.
And not to preempt
the Z's at all--
and by the way, for anybody who
didn't see the first interview,
you need to go watch
that just so they
can learn more about you
and how this originally
happened with you.
There's no point in going over
this territory again, but maybe
just an idea of how the Z's
feel about humanity and not just
our need to start hooking
up with our own higher
intelligence, but the
absolute imperative of it
in these times.
>>HARRIS: The
thing that I really
enjoy about them is they
have an incredible patience.
And I expose myself to
different spiritual teachings
and teachers over the
years, and I didn't always
find that patience was present.
Sometimes people were
aggressively pushing you
or trying to get you to become
something that they thought you
weren't,
And even within all
of what I've really
seen with the Z's on a personal
level, but also working
for others, so doing broadcasts
with 400 people and asking
questions, there's always
a core of patience.
And I've seen how that
patience is actually
what allows us to
become what we need
to becomes as the next step.
So they seem to hold a very
consistent patient flag for us
to become more sensory,
more aware, more intuitive.
But they're not asking us to
get rid of everything else.
They're kind of coming
at it from an angle of,
you already have this.
You already are human in form.
You already know these things.
Now just introduce these
and keep bringing them
into your awareness.
And one of the quotes
that they often repeat
is, "awareness is the
precursor to change."
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>HARRIS: So if you can
become aware of something
in your life, the
common tendency
is to then beat yourself up.
It's like, oh, no, I'm aware
that I'm sabotaging myself.
And most people don't
step out of that.
>>REGINA: That
thought would not even
have occurred if
you weren't aware.
>>HARRIS: Exactly.
So it's often, I notice,
they, or in the work
that I do around
the channeling, I'm
often working with people on
some of the human syndromes
that we have,
self-judgment, low esteem,
a belief that you
don't have an innate
divine force and
power inside you.
And there's a
cleanliness around that.
It doesn't have to be
something that takes power
over others in any negative
or controlling way,
quite the opposite.
But then what I notice they
seem to do with the channel
and the effect of them is
they seem to drill right
into the middle of people, and
often what people will speak
about is the energetic
effect that they take away,
They'll often say, I can't
remember what they were saying.
I can't remember
any of the words.
And they always say,
well, the words are just
the carrier for the energy.
And we know that you need
the words to stay on track,
and that's how some of you can
access us through the mind.
But unlike when I'm speaking
as an energy intuitive,
I notice with the
channeling, I'll often hear,
I don't remember
anything they said,
but I feel really different.
So in a weird way to me,
that is kind of the testament
to energy work.
>>REGINA: Yes, I understand
that, because before each show,
I always take a couple
breaths off camera
before we start rolling.
And each time what
I'm doing is just
kind of checking in to
see what's in the room,
what kind of energy, what
kind of beings might be here.
And the notion of not
remembering anything,
I probably won't remember
anything today either,
because the energy
is so profound
and almost-- I don't mean
overwhelming in a negative way.
It's embracing, that I told you
a little bit ago that I risk
going into kind
of a trance myself
just by association having them
in this tight quarters with me.
>>HARRIS: And it's
similar for me.
Even knowing what
we're about to do,
I can feel I'm having to work
to bring my body back down.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, so
it's interesting.
And I think that's the gift of
channeling, in my experience.
The gift of channeling is it's
almost a window in which we
can all access those
energy realms that
are outside our body.
And my belief is
that the benefit
of channeling and
exposing yourself to it
is that through exposing
yourself to those energies
through a channeler
or an energy worker,
you have the ability to
remember that space in yourself
and open to it just a little
more, however much is--
>>REGINA: Yeah, once
you feel it, it's there.
It's been activated.
>>HARRIS: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And so I can
see why people say,
the gift is I
remember the feeling.
Because embedded in
the feeling, there
is information that
went in with it.
It's living
alongside the energy.
So eventually, it does
percolate up to consciousness.
Well, in a lot of
cases, anyway, it'll
percolate up to
consciousness at some point
when the person's
ready to act on it.
>>HARRIS: And if you think about
that on the horizontal level,
the same thing is happening.
So how often do you have a
conversation with someone,
and they're speaking to you in
a certain way, and you're like,
how are you?
And they're like, I'm
doing really well.
Thanks, Regina.
I'm really excited about life.
And you're like, you're not.
Your energy's
completely different.
And you see that.
I mean, I did a crass example
to try and illustrate it,
but you see that in
subtleties all of the time.
People's energies
are communicating,
and we don't have enough words.
And what a relief.
>>REGINA: And we
don't take time,
because we're in such a hurry.
We don't take time and say, hmm,
you're feeling well, are you?
I'm sensing a little
something else going on.
Because we're all in kind of a
hurry to get to our own point,
to get to the next
thing in life.
We're running past the obvious.
And we could be
really helping each
other just by kind of, I
think what you were just
talking about, calling each
other on it, like, really?
You don't feel like you're well.
>>HARRIS: And they're
the best friends,
like the people in my life who
will just point something out
to me if I haven't
seen it myself.
They're the best.
>>REGINA: Yeah, absolutely.
>>HARRIS: You're looking out for
each other's energetics as well
as each other's
minds and doings.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Well, last time, of course,
I had a grand plan last time
we met, and you channeled the
Z's of all these lofty things I
was going to ask them about.
And then, boom, the conversation
took a completely different
turn.
So though I've suggested that
we'll look into the guidance
systems for humanity,
because we are
such a unique species of beings,
who knows what kind of ride
we're going to go on
with the Z's today?
But I can feel them here, and
as you said, you feel them,
and there's a lot of
activity, a lot of excitement
and all of that.
So rather than you fighting
to stay up above water, why
don't you just sink down
into that lovely zone,
and we'll begin a conversation.
>>HARRIS: Perfect, thanks.
I'll just drink some tea.
>>REGINA: Sure, have
a cup of tea first.
OK, we're back.
And the Z's are
present, and we're
going to have a conversation,
wherever that may lead us.
Welcome, and thank
you for joining us.
>>HARRIS: Welcome, a pleasure
to be transmitting with you.
Ha.
>>REGINA: Ha? [LAUGHS]
One of the things I wanted
to talk about is this kind
of anomalous structure
that human beings seem
to have, in this state
of amnesia on one level
we walk around in and yet
this ability to access such
heights within our being
if we're aware.
And I would like to start with
more of the origins of what
we are a bit, going
back into the time where
many people watching this
even were present in the times
that we call Lemuria.
What were our original
beings like energetically?
What were we capable of?
And if you can just
tell us a bit about how
we lived in the very
earliest times on Earth so
we can start getting a
portrait of what we are.
>>HARRIS: The reason
you are most interested
in this topic at
this time and you
and many other
seekers are looking
for information on this
topic is because you are all
re-accessing and feeling
the energies of those times.
Indeed, many of you are
reincarnate with high memory
of those times.
So for example,
let's say many of you
have had 11 lifetimes on Earth
since those potent energy
technology times, for
we refer to Lemuria,
and indeed Atlantis, as times
of high energy technology,
that period where humans,
for want of a better term,
were playing with the heights
and high capacity of energy
in the human form.
We understand that you do not
quite see it as human form
back then, but in
some ways, you are all
holding energy templates
that still exist.
So even if the bodies back then
were different to the bodies
now, there is an activation
of those energy templates
at this time on Earth that
many of you are playing with.
This relates to what you
would call unified genders.
So rather than male, female
in energy or in form,
there was unification
in Lemuria.
And then the separation
act began, and then
in the Atlantean
times, many of you
were, those of you who
remember this time,
and many of you even
hearing the word "Atlantis"
have a physical reaction, you
were the energy technologists
of your time.
You were conducting experiments.
But a little like those who are
too mind-led in your society
today, your fascination
for what was possible
denied what was needed.
So in many ways, the
whole thing exploded.
But it did not explode
in such a negative way
as is often viewed.
You will speak about
Atlantis sinking.
You will speak about the
terrible loss and tragedy.
But Atlantis was always
designed to sink.
And the stardust that it
leaves behind still to this day
ripples through your world.
And in this period,
that which many of you
like to refer to as the Golden
Age, that following 2012,
although in truth,
2012 began some
five years earlier in
terms of the Mayan calendar
prophecies, and the time
shift that took place
in linear time, many of
you right now this day,
as you listen to these words and
as you walk around your worlds,
you are aware that energy
technology is being invited
back into this
three-dimensional world
that you are living in now.
So many of you are not in the
three-dimensional reality.
You are hovering somewhere
between four and six,
and you are walking around
the world in such a way.
And so those that you
speak of, that you address
as having amnesia, they are not
the people listening to this,
and nor should they be judged
as lesser than because of.
It is simply the case
that there are many of you
on the planet who are already
activated by this Atlantean
energy.
And Lemuria was, in
many ways, the seed
for what Atlantis became.
So you could Lemuria as
the skeleton and Atlantis
as the flesh.
And in the unity of
those two, an energy bomb
was created that was
always designed to explode,
for it could not
sustain at that time,
and nor was it supposed to.
But the scatterings of
those pieces of energy
did not get lost
and instead were
carried throughout the
ages by those who could.
And now you come to
a time where there
is what you might refer
to as a mass remembering
and reactivation
of those energies.
And the attempt for humanity and
Earth at this time in its cycle
is to see, can it all return
at as high of level as possible
without exploding the
whole place again?
>>REGINA: Can you
paint a picture for us?
When you say the
bodies were not what
we would now recognize as
bodies, how would you describe?
Give us maybe a
living picture of what
the bodies in the
Lemurian phase were like
and how the interaction
between people and societies
were at that time.
>>HARRIS: The bodies
in Lemurian time
were, for most of your
eyes, for all of you
see slightly differently,
and this is something
that humanity can forget-- you
can paint a picture through six
different people,
and each person
will draw something
slightly different
because of their own perception.
But if we were to go, shall
we say, using your term,
mainstream with this, you would
see that each of these beings
would be approximately
9 to 11 feet tall, much
taller than the average height
on Earth at this time and long.
So to many, it would
look quite alien,
and that is not inappropriate.
But also, there
was a unification
in these bodies, a unification
that meant that the bodies were
almost invisible
to the naked eye
compared to the
average human today.
The average human today
can be read in density.
The bodies in Lemuria were
hard to perceive in density
until the separation act
occurred, a time when
it was deemed interesting to
separate the bodies into two
and thus bring separation to the
male and the female energies,
the yin and the yang.
So that is the best
description we can give you
of how different it looked.
>>REGINA: Now, before the
separation act, as you call it,
how were the bodies in Lemuria
brought into existence?
Because obviously it wasn't
through the process we use now.
>>HARRIS: You would see it as
stars being born into form.
So many of you understand
that you are made of stars.
These stars were literally
fostered into existence
into form.
There were technologists who did
this, what you might call some
of the more original creators.
We cannot, shall we say,
name too much at this time
because of the allowance of
what is available to each of you
at this time in
terms of history,
for too much history information
is not only distracting but can
disrupt what actually
happened in the past timeline.
So if we can reveal
too much about what
happened in the past timeline,
we also potentially interfere
with where you are now.
For those who get a
handle on it will use it
in certain ways
that could disrupt
what happened back then.
We understand this is not
news to somebody of your mind
or to many of your viewers, but
this is why we cannot reveal
too much.
We do not mean to be mean,
as you would call it.
>>REGINA: Withholding.
>>HARRIS: But understand
there were a group
of what we will call guardians.
There were not many
of them in number.
And they were
seeding these forms
in Lemuria using the
alchemy of stars.
So they were literally
able to bring stars down
into form on the Earth.
This was something
they did, a little
like you would see a
laboratory in an experiment
now but a little more, shall
we say, shamanic and magical
than it would appear now.
Now it would appear a little
more earthy in its form,
but we would argue
that laboratories
are quite shamanic and
magical in your planet.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHS] And the
choice of the Lemurian land
mass itself, from what I
heard you say a bit ago,
it was intended that this
land mass was not to continue
existing after its purpose?
>>HARRIS: You have to
understand that the interest
in the universe, as
it were, was to see
what could be created
beyond the Lemurian
and the Atlantean phases.
It was interesting to see how
could you overcome division
and how could division unify.
So if you understand that
there were far less people
at that time-- the
population was not big.
Compared to now,
it was minuscule
compared to the population
of Earth's planet now.
And that is what is so
interesting to energy
technologists.
And by the way,
you are those also,
for you are all part
of this together.
It is not that there
is some overseer
and you are just one of their
creations in a laboratory.
Within the universe, this is
a grand experiment and game
that all of you are
playing together
to experience
consciousness through form.
So what happened in
Lemuria and Atlantis
was an idea that
you would see how,
if you divided things
and multiplied things,
what happened then?
Could the unity maintain?
The answer was no.
So the more spread out
you are as a world,
the more getting back
to unity is hard.
This is why small clusters
or friends on Earth or family
on Earth can hold great levels
of love between themselves,
yet for you as an entire
population spread across all
of the countries, it
is not easy for you
as human beings at
this time to think
of somebody in another
country as your brother
or your neighbor.
>>REGINA: And so with
the disappearance--
let's say first, did
Lemuria, in fact, sink
or go away prior to any of
the destructions in Atlantis?
Was this just something where
the beings had enough notice
that they were able to migrate
to Atlantis and to other places
with still high
levels of knowledge?
Was some of that
seeded elsewhere?
>>HARRIS: A small
percentage of the beings
did migrate to Atlantis,
but a very small percentage,
for you see, form was even
less seen as desirable
back than it is now.
So people understood
in those forms
that they were not that
form and that person.
They were part of an experiment.
You see, consciousness
was even deeper.
But it was in the
phase of Atlantis
that what you might
call human ego
took hold, the idea of
wanting to stay in form
and wanting to
continue to experiment,
not understanding that a
surrender was required.
So there was a disconnection
from the divine,
which we will add,
was always expected.
But this caused disruption
in the psychology
and the limited emotional
field of those in Atlantis.
We say limited not because
their capacity was not vast,
but you human beings have
many stories and colors
for your emotional density.
In Atlantis, emotional
density was just being born.
>>REGINA: You were
talking about the stature
of the beings a little
bit ago, of being
between 9 and 11 feet tall,
which I found interesting.
And this is just a personal
aside very quickly, but once
upon a time a few
years ago when I
needed to go into a very
active part of my ancient past,
I was surprised
that in the process
I noticed it was almost
like Alice in Wonderland.
I was growing until
I reached somewhere
between 10 and 12 feet
tall and from that position
was able to execute what
needed to be done at that time.
When we go through, others who
go through this experience,
we're tapping into
the original, maybe,
energetic matrix we
experienced on Earth?
>>HARRIS: One such
as you, and the many
who are tuning into what you
do and also those who do not
tune into this but
have their own memories
that they find
through other means,
have the memory inside you.
It is why you are what we
would call freedom fighters
for consciousness, for there
is a part of all of you
on this planet who recognizes
that something is missing
from the mass picture and
that that missing piece needs
to come back for global
harmony to actually take place.
So in your urgency to want to
help global harmony be achieved
at a time when global harmony
is needed in order to see
this population through
its coming decades,
you have an even
stronger imprint
that activates inside you.
So we will say to you, it
is no surprise, of course,
you were there.
And so were many of the people
you have been associated with.
And we will also say this.
In terms of past
lives, many of you
think of it as a linear aspect,
where, for example, one person
was another person.
But it has become the case
in the last three centuries
on Earth that many people
incarnate through one.
So for example, four people
living on Earth today
could all be sharing a
memory of the same past life.
And this is not that
they were not that life,
but it is that there has been an
ability to multiply their soul
energy when they have left that
life over the periods of years
that the universe has
evolved so that more of you
can come back and represent
what that one soul stood
for back then.
And if you think about
it, that is not so foreign
when you realize you are all
surrounded by guides and energy
beings and soul
family that are not
apparent in your
one, physical form.
>>REGINA: Absolutely,
and that is where we're
headed in the conversation.
I just wanted to have a
little of the fabric of what
we were in the past laid out.
And you just triggered
something that brings
a tangential question of sorts.
The notion of
multiple incarnations
of a soul at a given
period of time--
might our souls be
expressing ourselves
in terms of experience
in more than one body
in a given period of time?
>>HARRIS: This is
a little rarer,
but it does happen
with a select few.
What we would also add
as an addendum to this,
and this is important for many
of you listening to understand,
is that many of
you will be doing
what we call Akashic recall.
It is checking the
archives for what's
available to help you on
your missions in your life
right now.
So you may recall a life
that was not in fact yours.
But because you have
multi-dimensional open ability
to access the Akashic records,
you will call on, for a moment
or for an afternoon or for a
week, the energy of a life that
was lived that is in
resonance with one
that you did not live then but
resonance with that aspect you
need in the life now.
So many of you are
doing this also.
Think of it as
sideways past lives.
They were not actually
yours, but you reach across,
and you try them on so that
you have the energy download
or information that that
life was in possession of so
that you can carry on
going where you are going.
>>REGINA: What about
the instance where
individuals who may or
may not know each other
are almost living the same
template out in a given time
period or the same
impressions are happening,
the same events are
happening to them
on the same days, the
same thoughts and feelings
occur-- What's happening there?
>>HARRIS: On a more
base level in what you
would call the lower
dimensions, you
would call these people soul
family in high resonance.
And on the highest point within
this arrangement of energy,
you would call it
oneness in action.
'Hive mind' is often
a term that is used,
but the problem with that phrase
is it is not just the mind.
It is 'hive energy'.
>>REGINA: Oneness in action?
And this can happen between
any number of individuals
at a given time who may or may
not be aware of each other?
>>HARRIS: If you were to energy
scan a group of individuals
in one room, all focused
on the same activity--
so we will give you some
examples-- people who are all
focused on a highly energized
rock concert and their energy
and their kundalini is rising in
accordance with the energy that
has being gathered in
that group or a group who
are meditating together.
You will notice that oneness
synchronicity will start
to happen between these people.
This is something that is
possible for all of you.
You could be a planet
full of oneness,
but it will not happen in
the coming decades because
of the amount of diversity and
different dimensional levels
that all of you are
working through.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
Yes, I find the
subject fascinating
when it's very specific
and ongoing in particular.
Let's talk about beings
such as yourselves,
the role of the
interdimensional beings,
why it's necessary
on this planet for us
to have relationships with
interdimensional beings?
Is there something
inherently lacking
in our species or something
that has yet to be developed
or something forgotten?
Let's talk about the
function of beings
like you working
with beings like us.
>>HARRIS: Your question is
good, for it taps into the,
shall we say,
lower belief system
that many human beings
carry about spirit
or interdimensional beings.
There is often this
idea that because it
comes from outside the
body or a higher place,
it is better or
more than humanity.
And then in the more
extreme end of the scale,
it is something to be
feared or suspicious of.
The truth is that humanity has
called this forward for itself.
So it can often look like
we are the ones bringing
this information in, but it
takes a human being to listen.
It takes a human being
to sense and feel.
It takes the arrangement
of a conversation
like this for this
kind of information
to be brought through.
So what we will say is your
humanity cannot continue unless
it becomes more
interdimensional in the future.
This is the way that the
planet and its people
are being called.
The universe is vast and
interdimensional in nature.
And Earth is reaching
a point in her history
where it will
become more unified
with the rest of the
universe, as it were,
and the life beyond Earth.
So the interdimensional
nature of the growth
of what we refer to as
'hive energy' is simply
helping humanity to
prepare and become more
readied for the more
interdimensional nature of life
in a broader universe.
Now, we should
qualify this by saying
this could be still hundreds
and hundreds of years away.
This is all what
you would call open,
for everything is very
specific on Earth right now.
And everything that changes
in the most minuscule way
has a knock-on effect.
To say that your planet
is in a sensitive time
would be an understatement.
We must be careful when we
use terms like sensitive,
for so many of you
like to jump to fear.
You think of the environment
and some of the issues
that you are hearing about
with global warming and beyond,
and you also look at
some of the conflicts.
It is more than that, though.
It is more than all of that.
The Earth is at a
very sensitive time
of trying to open its senses.
And that is not something that
the Earth has been allowed
to do for such a long time.
Nature could never be
denied the sensory aspects.
So man has constantly been
surrounded by the sensory.
And yet man within
the sensory has
been asked to deaden
from the sensory
and to ignore the sensory
and to chop the sensory down
without a second thought.
And now you are in
this time of awakening,
where the humans are beginning
to look around the world
and say things
along the lines of,
this is not the right
picture we need to create.
And it is not just our
minds or our research
which is telling us that.
It is our opening feeling.
As humanity opens its
feeling and its senses,
it will start to make
the right decisions
and indeed already is.
But as time goes on,
interdimensional living
on this planet will
become more and more
the norm, which is
why it is difficult
for awakening and sensitive
souls at this time
if they are too isolated
with their own way of feeling
the world.
They can feel like
the odd one out.
That's why we advise all
of you to come together
as much as you can,
for you have strength
in numbers, internal strength
and effective action strength.
>>REGINA: OK, this leads
me to two different lines
of questioning.
One is, is the human
species unique in our need
for interdimensional
and guidance outside
of our own knowingness?
>>HARRIS: No, this
is common to all.
Your animals on this
planet are constantly
having interdimensional
communication
to different degrees,
depending on the animal
and its consciousness.
But you only have to
watch your dogs and cats
to watch them watching things
in the room all of the time.
So if anything,
we would argue it
is almost the other way around.
Ha.
Humans are a little late
to the party as a mass,
not in their experience of
interdimensional communication,
for it has been
going on for eons,
but in their ability
to be, we will say,
allowed to be aware of it.
For there have been many
constraints and discouragements
put in place to discourage
humans from investigating.
>>REGINA: Now the other
strand of thought off this
was you were just speaking about
the potential for the oneness,
the hive understanding of life.
And how does this play out in
the face of blatant free will?
>>HARRIS: Blatant
free will is something
that will become less
individuated as time goes on.
You see, many of you,
because you are individuated,
tend to think of your free will
as very much your own life.
And even those of you
who make choices believe
that you are making a grand
choice to move location,
or you are making a grand
choice to no longer be friends
with that person, or you are
making a grand choice to change
your career.
And we will tell you,
it just is not that way.
There are already energies
that have been in place.
You are, again, usually
the last ones to the party.
You have this idea that
you are going to move.
But the only reason you
are now going to move
is because a silent or even a
conscious thought in you a year
or two years ago
that sowed that seed
has allowed the energy in
your life to rearrange itself.
So you do have free
will in a certain sense,
but we would also say
to you that you will not
feel as an individual that
your free will is dampened
once you are more hive
around your free will.
And again, we qualify.
This hive existence is
several hundred years away
at this point in the
timeline, if it even
is able to take place
on Earth in that way.
So it is more that
some of you are
beginning to have parts
of that hive experience
in your everyday life.
Think of when you love
a partner or a friend.
You do not tend
to fight over who
is choosing what
restaurant, because you so
enjoy being in synchronicity
that you trust the other one
to lead you to the right place.
That is quite different
when you are on your own
or with someone you
feel in conflict with.
So hive is simply that
experience magnified.
>>REGINA: Resonance.
Yes, I hear you.
And there are various physicists
who have written books
and lectured on the subject.
A term they use is
entropy and that we
feel we have free will,
yet in reality, everything
we've experienced,
the decisions that we
appear to have made in
the past, the culture
we chose to be born
into, is essentially
collapsing potentials
all the time
to where this great moment
of this decision, this act
of free will, in fact is,
through those other mechanisms,
more or less predetermined.
>>HARRIS: You will all be better
as a collective around the idea
that you have free
will once you have all
made peace with old age.
This is a long way off.
>>REGINA: Ooh,
yes, please explain
this in more detail to us.
>>HARRIS: If you all had free
will, the one thing all of you
would ask to do is stop
your age at a certain point,
because you would not want your
bodies to go towards decay.
You would want your
bodies to stay at a place
that you could
continue to experience
more and more in your
evolutionary natures
and your experiences
of the world.
So until you all come to
peace that as a human being
going through the older
years, the what you
would call more vulnerable
years, the sometimes physically
weaker years, more
challenging years,
until you come to peace that
that is a part of the journey--
and most of you pretend
it doesn't exist.
You look at older people as what
you would think as poor them
without realizing you
are looking in the mirror
some years ahead.
So what we would say is when
your planet and your people
get to a place where
they agree to accept
that perhaps being an
85- or a 90-year-old
is as valid as being a
20- or a 50-year-old,
then you will all be willing
to agree with this idea
that you have free will.
But while there
are things you have
conflict around as human
beings, this being one of them,
free will is a nice
idea that you can try on
in compartmentalized moments,
but it is not something
that any of you are
truly, fully agreeing to.
>>REGINA: Hmm.
Maybe, though this is a
little sophomoric, maybe
you can reflect back
to us the greatest
opportunity and potential in
those later years in life,
as you say, the years
of 80, 90, to 100.
From your point of
view, what do you
see as the grace and beauty
in these years for us?
>>HARRIS: The two sides
we would offer you here,
the most important and the
first is giving of your wisdom.
You see, you have a
perspective of not only years
but also many transformations.
If you think of your
typical 90-year-old,
they have seen this world
change five or six times
in very big, dramatic ways.
So there is something
they can teach
about the patience
and the ability
to move with transformation.
And yet so often, these
elders are isolated.
They are put into homes
with other elders.
They are left.
They are discarded because they
cannot keep up with the young
ones.
So they are forgotten about.
So this is where their sadness
and pain and vulnerability
comes from, for they are
forgotten by everybody
at a time where their
actual gift as a soul
is to be able to
offer to everybody.
Yes, they will not run
around the field, maybe,
with the young ones, but
when the young ones have
run around the field and they
come back and speak about it,
there will be a
conversation in which they
can contribute and give.
The other side, on a more
personal level, and this
is what we see taking place more
effectively than the first part
we spoke about, is the ability
to convalesce and to reflect
on your life lived and
your experience on Earth
and to build what you
might call bridges,
not just with others that there
have been conflict areas with,
but also within the self, parts
of the psyche or the emotions
that you could never quite
calm or come to peace
with in your early years.
You suddenly are able
to let it all go.
So it is a shame
that for many, it
takes being that
old to truly start
to feel the wonder of it all.
This is why the
happier elder people
are ones who become
more gloriously what
you would call childlike.
They suddenly have
wonder in their eyes,
because they understand
that there is a time limit
physically, and they know
to appreciate everything,
for they are not rushing
to the next thing.
They are in that thing right
there that day with you.
And for many of you, it is
too much for you to handle.
It takes a certain level of
consciousness and open heart
to be able to meet an elder
who is emanating that energy.
>>REGINA: Yes, thank you.
That's a very
beautiful reflection.
I would like to
find out now, coming
into the part of
the conversation
about our interfacing
with guidance,
what it's like from your
perspective from your realm,
not necessarily with Lee,
because this connection has
been made.
But in general, what is it like
for beings from another field
trying to communicate
with human beings?
>>HARRIS: Well, there
are many different roles.
So for example, we are
little like a library,
and communication is
our deep interface.
So even though the
communication is
what you might call
the distraction here,
yes, you are aware that the
energy field of Lee has changed
and that the energy
field above his head
has become bigger
and wider, for there
is an interface taking place.
But, communication
is the skill here.
So that is what is taking
place between he and we.
And we are using our
own ability as what
you might call a universal
library to bring through
the information, both
energetic and descriptive, that
best helps human beings open.
So that is one role that a
being who is energetic can play.
Then, many of you
have given this name
angels to those that can
manipulate things for you.
So you see, we are one
thing, but the beings that
can hide your favorite object,
because it's important for you
to not have it that day,
or the beings that can,
and we use this with
humor, but it is true,
get you a parking space if
you hold enough intention
around it-- the beings who
do that, you would refer
to as angels-- the ones who can
physically manipulate and move
things.
It is not to say that we can't
do that or that they cannot
communicate.
There are overlaps in all.
But we would say to you that
there are many different beings
with many different roles.
Just as on Earth, there
is a doctor and a chef
and a mother and
a teacher-- there
are many different roles
within the energy world.
For example, you often
refer to the energy sprites
who take care with and
interact with nature
and keep the energy balanced
as sprites or fairies.
There are different
names you all give.
But if we were to
show you the picture
of how many different kinds
of energy beings there are,
you would be shocked,
for many of you
like to think of it
as up to five or six.
And in fact, it is
multiple thousands.
>>REGINA: How interesting.
How do they do it, anyway, the
ones who hide things from you?
And there it is sitting
right there the next day.
>>HARRIS: The irony
is you do it too.
So something in you is
pulsing out a desire
to have either a shift
in your awareness
or sometimes it
snaps some of you
into consciousness to recognize
it has actually happened.
And other times, it is
to get your attention.
But most of the time, it
is because the removal
of that physical object
or the introduction
has a big impact on you
energetically.
So just as dreams are a
very useful way for you
to clear energies
that you don't need
to play out in a more dramatic
way in your day, so, too,
can this moving
of objects be ways
that your energy
can stay balanced.
We will give you an example
that is a little crude.
But it will illustrate
what we are trying to say.
Think of your team of
angels watching you
and six of your
friends running a race.
They suddenly see
that you, Regina, are
very close to getting to
the finish line for yourself
in this area you're
trying to develop in,
but you just get
slightly distracted
by someone who is watching
you in the audience.
And as you get distracted, you
start to lose your footing.
So they will do
something to help
you get back on your footing.
There is a certain amount
that you can be helped.
It is not the kind of
help that can completely
reverse your destiny
or reverse your destiny
without your free will and
your desire being involved,
but small acts of help can
happen all along the way.
And so you see, someone
else is as invested
in your growth and your
evolution as you are.
This is why you often hear the
phrase "you are not alone."
>>REGINA: Yes.
And yet, so many people
feel completely alone
and are not consciously aware
of the guidance or help that's
being given, because maybe we
have issues of extreme control
and stubbornness and so forth.
How does a particular
being who is
chosen to work with a
very stubborn individual
or close-minded
individual begin generally
getting their attention?
>>HARRIS: Those are
the ones who are
the most loving and patient.
So the ones with the most
capacity for love and patience
will be sent to that
stubborn individual.
For remember, stubbornness
is an act of pain.
It is not an act
of belligerence,
as many humans would
like to see it.
It is an act of pain.
So those who have and what
we would call enormous energy
width are dispatched
to those people.
>>REGINA: Oh,
that's fascinating,
and it makes perfect sense.
Because of that
level of patience,
sometimes we as
humans will think,
oh God, it must
be so frustrating
trying to work with
us, with this species,
because we're moving too fast.
We're distracted all the time.
But that's not how it's
viewed from where you are.
>>HARRIS: It is not.
And we hear a lot of negative
ideas about your time.
There is a lot of
negativity about technology.
There are many people
saying that people
are becoming desocialized
because of technology.
We would argue that
is not the truth.
In fact, technology
has paved the way
for extraordinary advances.
But like anything, you
must check yourself.
You must decide, have you
been on your phone all day
without a break?
Or have you not?
You cannot blame the phone.
That is like blaming
the substance
for someone's addiction.
So what we would say regarding
this is the reason people feel
so isolated and the reason
that people are so in pain
is because of the
fragmented humanity
that they are existing in.
Humanity has been designed
to connect and to be a tribe.
And yet through the
evolution process
and through the control of
certain forces-- you would
you call them
government, although we
would argue that what you see
presented as your government is
not actually the government.
It is the display people
for the government.
Through many archaic
and quite divisive ideas
and manipulations,
people have been divided.
And yet, you cannot
fight the tide.
And the tide of consciousness
has been rising now
in a very strong way for
the last 30 to 40 years
in bigger ways than ever before.
And so what people
are beginning to do
is find ways to come together.
So if people are
isolated, it is often not
because they have lost their
connection with the divine.
Because they have
lost their connection
with the divine in
the other humans,
seeing that somebody
else might need
you to lead in a moment of
conversation or intimacy,
but that then they
will join you.
This is what is
needed on Earth now,
or what Lee referred to earlier,
this horizontal and vertical.
The vertical is doing
very well on Earth.
The horizontal and the
ruptures within the horizontal
relationships are a
need, for the more
the horizontal ruptures get
repaired, the more people who
are feeling connected to
others and finding ways
to connect with others
and being patient
about finding ways to
connect with others,
the more the vertical grows.
>>REGINA: There was a
loaded point that you just
made a moment ago, which
of course a lot of people
go toward, but I
think it's important
not to ignore the
existence of, which
is, you say the people we
consider to be government
are simply faces
for the government.
And so what is your
exact description
when you're saying for the
government, the forces that
control?
>>HARRIS: We would say that
this is clear everywhere you go,
as in often what you perceive
as the person in charge
is not in charge.
So a good example
we can give you
is-- a person who is working
in a department store
will talk about their boss.
And they will focus
all of their attention
on their boss, the person
directly above them.
Because that is the
way that they are
perceiving the relationship.
But of course, the boss has a
boss, and the boss has a boss,
and the boss has a boss.
It keeps going back.
No one in humanity,
until this last 30 or 40
years on a mass
level, has started
to question the
governing forces.
We have to be careful here, for
we do not want everybody to go
down the road that some have.
Some people are highly anti
any idea of government,
and we would say that
your collective is not
ready for
self-governship, either.
At this point, if
there was no government
and it was left
to the people, you
would see just as much chaos
and drama and pain-raining
as if there was no government.
But what is slowly
becoming clear,
even to those who are in
the government-- and this
is why we must speak
on the defense of many
of your governing body,
for not all in government
are as asleep or as
uncompassionate as some of you
would like to believe.
And if you pay attention
to some of the more,
shall we say, unfiltered
news channels recently,
you will notice incredible acts
of political bravery happening
from within government.
People are speaking
up with compassion
on behalf of the people.
Now, this is not some
of the big players,
for they are in
precarious positions,
for they are answering
to their direct boss.
And some of them are not even
conscious what they are doing.
They are simply 'yes people'.
So when we say there
are governing bodies
behind your government,
we mean exactly that.
There are people who have
a certain amount of control
regarding the resources and
the freedoms on this planet,
and some of those people-- not
all, but some of those people--
have very dark agendas.
And the dark agendas do
not need to be held in many
for a ripple effect to be felt.
But what we will tell you
is that those dark agendas
are crumbling from the
inside and have been
for the past several years.
So even as darker
actions are tried
to be achieved on this
planet, they are being,
shall we say, dismantled
energetically from forces
that none of you can see.
For the wave of
consciousness and the growth
of what you referred to as
the Golden Age on this planet
has to come to pass.
There is no way around it.
But for many of
you at the bottom
looking up at what you
see as just the government
and looked around at what
you're seeing going on,
it can seem very distressing.
And what we will say is that in
these microcosmic distressing
moments that you
focus on, many of you
are healing past
life incidences.
So for example,
if you are focused
on a war in a
particular country,
and it is devastating to you
personally and emotionally,
you are clearing out
some of that density
in your own field that
remembers being in a war
just like that at a
previous time on Earth.
So it is a very intense process.
It is not something
that you simply observe.
It is something
you also all feel,
for in feeling it together,
you will transmute it.
That is why compassion
is so important
to develop on this planet
as a spiritual practice,
to learn to love another
despite their behavior.
Yes, there is a line.
If you see somebody
repeatedly murdering somebody,
you may want to feel very
differently about them
to another neighbor.
But you understand what
we are driving at here.
>>REGINA: I do, and thank you
very much for that perspective.
That is what I perceive, is
that there are the forces
that we're not aware of
that are unseen that may
be driving some darker agendas.
But I am seeing
these acts of grace
and bravery coming
from the places
that we're the
most suspicious of.
And is this happening
across the board,
beyond governments, into
medicine and systems of money
and all of it?
Are all of these
now being permeated
with brave souls who
are coming forward
in the transformation process?
>>HARRIS: It is a
twofold process.
It is the voice
of your collective
speaking out against what
they are seeing as no good.
And that energy and that voice
ricochets into those areas
and activates the people
working in those areas who
perhaps hadn't seen it.
And then they see it.
So you see, you're
all working together,
whether you are a
mother of four who
has a job to keep
her family alive
or whether you are a
governor in government.
>>REGINA: And yet at the
same time, of course,
the news, highly
manufactured media,
is still constantly
reminding us of sabres
being rattled around the
world trying to promote war.
This dominates our
public discourse.
>>HARRIS: Of course,
because you see,
if you get the collective
to focus on that,
that is what they
will start seeing.
And if they start seeing that
potential and enough of them
see that potential
and enough of them
have the energy of
fear behind it, which
alchemizes their
vision, they will
help to bring it into bear.
So you see, what we
will tell you is this.
Many times, half of the
things-- in fact, more than half
of the things that
you are told--
are not on the slate at all.
But they are what somebody
would like to create.
So if they dangle that
carrot in front of the public
and get enough fuel
behind that fire,
they might be able to create it.
But even that method
is losing power.
>>REGINA: That is
beautiful to hear.
And the more we simply turn
away from these messages
and don't give them any energy,
the more quickly, I assume,
these kinds of agendas
will start falling away?
>>HARRIS: This is true.
And for many of you, it
has been the shamanic
flush through your bodies
of your associations
with those energies
from times past.
So some of you have gone
through almighty fear moments.
The important thing for those
of you going through these,
what we would call 'fear
shakedowns' in your body
in resonance with something
that you see as a potential,
is to own that as your own fear,
to not confuse it and believe
you are actually
seeing the future,
which is what happens to
a great many visionaries.
>>REGINA: Very good point.
Thank you for making
that distinction.
One thing I want to ask
you about also, going back
to the notion of our beings
interdimensionally or otherwise
working with us, one
of many of, as you say,
thousands of different kinds
of beings working with us,
are what appear to be
accidents sometimes used
in the process of
getting our attention.
>>HARRIS: Accidents
on the physical?
>>REGINA: Yes, in
the physical world.
>>HARRIS: We would say
accidents on the physical
are also good mirrors, as
suddenly being what you would
call dumped by a lover that you
thought it was all going well
with.
So there are accidents
that occur in the physical
to shock you, and
there are "accidents,"
in quote marks, to
occur on the emotional
and the relational
levels to shock you,
such as suddenly losing a
job you had no awareness you
were going to lose.
So all of these are
attention-grabbing to those
who perhaps were
living on a pattern.
But to those who are
living in the now
with not a great
deal of attachment
to the future or the past
or the present in the way
that others have it,
it is the beginning
of a whole new chapter and
something to be interested in,
both their reaction to
it and then their way
of moving through it
and going forward.
>>REGINA: Yes, thank you.
And as we come towards the
end of our conversation,
this morning as I woke
up, I was thinking
about this aspect of humanity
that we're waking to.
You have used the word
returning to a Golden Age.
And what I was looking at
or feeling, experiencing,
was that the path
back seems to be
one that has beauty,
whatever beauty means,
beauty, grace,
elevated frequencies,
refinement on whatever our level
or definition of refinement
means.
I was seeing that that is one
of the most expeditious paths
back to ourselves, that
divine aspect of self.
What do you see?
>>HARRIS: This a good
way of describing
the sensory, for a sensory being
will see beauty everywhere.
There are some what you might
call more mathematically minded
people who can appreciate
a painting's composition.
But even that for them
is an appreciation
of structure and symmetry.
That is slightly different
to the sensory experience
of beauty, for beauty affects
your heart, not just your mind.
It hits the heart, and
part of you all exhales.
[EXHALES] That is beauty,
whether that beauty is
seen in another person
or whether that beauty is
seen in another form or
whether that beauty is simply
experienced in the
sensory and meditation
that you have that morning.
So what we would say is the
sensory is returning to Earth.
And that is what the
Golden Age refers to.
Atlantis had a great deal
of golden energy around it.
Energies that can be
seen by energy seers,
they will notice
that gold is coming
to the Earth a great
deal more in the colors
that they are seeing
in the auras now.
And that gold is alchemical.
Gold is highly abundant,
for through gold,
everything can filter.
So when everything
can filter, it
means that the
limitless potential
of what you want to
create becomes open to you
all as beings.
So in the Golden Age,
there is more opening.
And that opening can
come for all of you
from each of you individually
agreeing to open your senses.
You already have open
minds, open achieve-minds,
open we-must-do.
We must accumulate.
We must win the
race, make the money.
Yes, all of those things do
not have to be killed off.
But they will kill
you off if you do not
open your sensory hearts
and experiences to the Earth
now as well.
And those people who are feeling
lost and empty in their lives,
the place to go is the sensory.
And not only will you then
experience the beauty,
but you will create the beauty.
Think of energetics.
If you, Regina, had a member
of your team in your office,
and they had made a mistake
on one of these television
shows that you are doing, there
are two ways you can play it.
You can come down
hard on them and make
them feel small and
bad, and they leave
the office in a not-good space.
Or you can say to them,
ha, well, mistakes happen.
It's OK.
And we'll just remember
it for next time.
The second is an
experience of beauty.
The first is an experience
of the old world.
So as more and more of you are
willing to bring the beauty
into your lives no matter what
the challenge or the difficulty
that day is, to remember that
the beauty can be accessed
at any time on a day, we
have said this before,
but it doesn't matter how
difficult your day has been,
you can always
access some beauty,
some magic in the final hour
of it and remember that.
And that will allow
you to open to it.
That opening is very
much the opening
that humanity is now creating
in itself as a collective.
With certain leaders, yes,
but as a group, all of you
are beginning to become more
alive and more activated
to that potential.
>>REGINA: Yes, and thank you for
explaining it so beautifully.
And with that, I believe
our time together
is finished, for
this time, anyway.
And I want to thank you
on behalf of all of us
and everyone watching
this so much for bringing
your profound viewpoints
and wisdom to us.
>>HARRIS: Ha.
You do not need to thank us.
We thank you, for you all
created this conversation.
We simply showed up to say what
it was you wanted us to say.
That is all.
So, in peace and in
love to you and to all.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
>>HARRIS: [BREATHES DEEPLY] Hi.
>>REGINA: Hi.
That was a lovely conversation.
You probably don't
remember much of it.
>>HARRIS: The last few minutes.
[LAUGHS] I don't remember
earlier than that.
>>REGINA: Yes, the whole notion
of grace and beauty, whatever
that means to the person, that
feeling of that, as they say,
beautiful golden upliftment.
>>HARRIS: Mmm, that made sense
to me, yes, as I heard it.
Yes.
That made sense.
>>REGINA: Yes, and I loved
the way they explained it,
because it seems to me that's
our e-ticket, our e-ticket back
to self, back to the
all, the connection.
Anyway, we literally have
gone through an hour.
And I want to thank you so
much for you showing up, body
and mind and soul, and for being
the vehicle to these beings who
are happy to work in
association with us.
They're very generous.
>>HARRIS: Thank
you and thank you.
>>REGINA: And so are you.
>>HARRIS: Thank you for
the invitation, thank you.
>>REGINA: Thank you, Lee.
To connect with
Lee or the Z's, you
can go to Lee's website,
leeharrisenergy.com.
And if you found this
interview useful,
you might want to also go back
and see my first interview
with Lee, as I
mentioned earlier, here
in the Gaiam archives.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]